[GEOS-1158] Specify Geoserver UI Language in Configuration (#5388)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/webadmin/index.rst

The following sections detail the menu options available in GeoServer. **Unless otherwise specified, you will need to be logged in with administrative credentials to see these options.**

Choosing the UI language
------------------------

> The administration interface is displayed using the browser native language, if a translation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administration interface is displayed using the browser's preferred language when available,
otherwise it will fall back to English.
```

> is available in it, otherwise, it shows in English.

Reviewer: remove when above is merged
```suggestion

```

> The drop-down chooser on the side of the login/logout button allows to choose a different language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The drop-down chooser on the side of the login/logout button allows selection of a different language.

```
